# Is This AI?
> This projects consists of 2 parts: the [game](https://github.com/matrndev/isthisai/tree/main/web-app) itself and a [companion database app for AI-generating new articles](https://github.com/matrndev/isthisai/tree/main/database). 

Can you spot which text was written by a large language model? In this game, you're shown two articles: one generated by a variety of different AI models and one from Wikipedia!

In today's world where you're constantly surrounded by AI slop, it's important to be able to distinguish it from real *human-written* text! That's where this app comes in -- train your ability to spot AI.

I recommend this amazing and exhaustive [Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Signs_of_AI_writing) on the signs of AI writing, which actually inspired me to make this game.

## Curation of Articles
The article titles that are currently in the game are picked to be generally recognizable and well-documented. The number of articles will be expanded over time.
If you want to suggest an article title yourself, you can do that [here](https://isthisai.matrn.dev/suggest)!

A companion app (located in the [/database](https://github.com/matrndev/isthisai/tree/main/database) folder) helps to create new entries and edit the database.
It's responsible for saving the Wikipedia article's "summary" paragraph (first paragraph) and interacting with an API to make a AI-generated counterpart.

The currently used prompt for the LLM is as follows:
> Generate a summary of the object provided in the input, basically like the summary section of a Wikipedia page. Your repsponse should be concise. Do not include links, bulletpoints, or markdown formatting. Do not encase words in asterisks, this does not make the text bold. Respond in about 70-120 words.

This prompt is usually able to generate a similar summary to the one given on Wikipedia quite well.

## To Do
 - [ ] Progress bar (leveling system)
 - [ ] Log the time it takes to respond
 - [ ] Ability to turn off typing animation
 - [ ] Display a "consensus" percentage (e.g. 70% picked the same answer as you)
 - [ ] Collect, aggregate and display statistics

## AI Disclaimer
AI (specifically GitHub Copilot) was also used in the creation of this project! However, I find most of the code written by Copilot a bit clunky and unnecessarily complicated, so most of the time I rewrite it myself and use Copilot just to give me an idea.
A part of the database companion app (listing and deleting items from the DB) is written fully by Copilot. This was done to focus more on the main part of this project -- the game itself.
